# Module3-App-innovation


## Task1: Create Power App and add Custom Connector to Connect to SAP 

### Task1.1: Create a custom connector

1. Open a new browser tab and navigate to the below url to open Power Apps dashboard.

   ```
   https://make.powerapps.com/
   ```
   
1. Select **Data** from the left-hand side menu.

1. Now, to create a custom connector select **Custom Connectors** from the dropdown list.

1. You will be presented with the custom connectors page, click on **+New custom connector** to create a new customer.

1. Select **Import from Github** from the list to import the connector from **Github**.

1. On the **Import from Github** blade, enter the following information information:

   - Connector Type: Custom
   - Branch: Select **dev** fom the dropdown.
   - Connector: Select **dev** fom the dropdown.
   - After adding all the values, your screen will look like below screenshot:

1. Click on **Continue** to proceed to next step.

1. Next, You will be presented with the below page which provides the general information about the custom connector.

1. Review the available parameters on the General information blade and click on **Security** which is at the bottom right corner.

1. On the **Security** blade, select the **Authentication type** as **Basic authentication** to set the security for your custom connector.
 
1. Now, click on **Definition** which is at the bottom right corner to review the definiton of the connector.

1. On the **Definition** blade, review the available actions which determnines the operations that you can perform on the resources in the underlying connector.

1. Select **List product sets** from the available actions.

1. Review the available **References** and **Policies** for the connector and check status of **validation** which will help you in identifying issues and fixing them.

1. Next, click on **Create Connector** to create the SAP custom connector.

### Task1.2: Create an APP

1. Select **Apps** from the left-hand side menu to create a new app.

1. Select **+New App** and select **Canvas** from the dropdown.

1. You will be redirected to a new page to create an app.

1. Now, you will be presented with a pop-up to select your **Country/Region** to get started, select your **Country/Region** from the dropdown and click on **Get Started**.

1. Select **Open** from the left-hand side menu and click on **Browse Files** to browse to the demo starter file that creates an app.

1. Naviagte to the path and select **SAP EPM Products Demo Starter.msapp** file then click on **open** to open it.

1. Wait until the file is loaded. Once loaded, you will be able to view the sample app in your Power Apps dashboard which allows you to connect to SAP system.

1. You will not be able to see any SAP data on the app, since we have not connected the SAP custom connector which you created in the previous task to the app.

1. Select **Data** from the left-hand side menu to add the custom connector.

1. Select **+Add data** and search for SAP then select **SAP-ODATA-Demo** connector from the list.

1. You will be asked to login with your ES5 demo account credentails to connect and access the data. Use the below credentails to login to the SAP system.

     - **Username** : Enter the username of Es5 demo account which you noted earlier.
     - **Password** : <inject key="AzureAdUserPassword"></inject>

1. After entering username and password values, click on **Connect** to connect to the SAP system.

1. Now, you will be presented with a pop-up to have a premium license on your power apps plan. Click on **Continue** to proceed with the next step.

1. Notice that all red marks are disappeared, since you have connected the custom connector **SAP-ODATA-Demo** to the app.

1. To review the available products, press **Alt** key and select **refresh** which is at the left-side of **Products**.

1. Press **Alt** key then select any product from the list and review the information about the product on the right side of the app.
