# Module 3: Cloud Operations, Governance, Security

# Exercise 2:	Configure Azure Monitor for SAP  

## Task 1: Set up Azure Monitor to monitor SAP Hana

1. Navigate to the **SAPCAL-UniqueId** resource group and click on **+Add** to add a new resource.

1. Search for **Azure Monitor** and select **Azure Monitor for SAP Solutions** from the list.

1. Now, select **Create** to create the Azure Monitor resource.

1. On the **Basics** balde, enter the following information:

     1. **Name**: Enter the below name for the resource

        ```
        SAPMonitor
        ```
        
     1. **Region**: Select the same region as the resource group.
     1. **Virtual Network**: Select **SAPCALDEFAULT** virtual network from the dropdown.
     1. **Subnet**: Select **default** subnet from the dropdown.
     1. **Use existing log analytics workspace**: Check the box to use log analytics workspace.
     1. Now, select SAPAnalyticsworkspace from the dropdown.
     1. **Share monitoring data with Microsoft**: Select **share** from the dropdown.

1. You can add the providers later, hence click on **Review + Create**.

1. On the **Review + Create** blade, review the details and click on **Review + Create** again to create the Azure Monitor.

## Task 1.1: Create Key vault and Secret

1. Navigate to the **SAPCAL-UniqueId** resource group and click on **+Add** to add a new resource.

1. Search for **Key vault** and select it from the list.

1. Now, select **Create** to create the key vault.

1. Enter the below value for the **Key vault name** field.

1. For **Region** field, select the same region as the resource group.

1. Select **Standard** from the dropdown for **Pricing tier** field.

1. Leave other values as default and click on **Next: Access Policy**.

1. On the **Acess Policy** blade, verify that **Permission model** is set to **Vault access policy** and click on **Next: Networking**

1. On the **Networking** blade, select **Private endpoint** under **Network connectivity**.

1. Now, click on **Review + Create** to create the key vault.

1. Select **Create** to create the resource

1. Once the key vault is deployed, click on **Go to resource** to open the key vault.

1. Select **Secrest** from the left-hand side menu of key vault.

1. Click on **+ Generate/Import** to create the secret.

1. On the **Create a Secret** blade, enter the following information:

    1. **Upload options**: Select **Manual** from the dropdown
    2. **Name**: SAPDBPassword
    3. **Value**: Enter

1. Select **Create** to create the secret.

## Task 1.2: Add SAP HANA Provider to the Azure Monitor

1. Navigate to the **SAPCAL-UniqueId** resource group and select the resource **SAPMonitor**.

1. Select **Providers** under **Settings** from the left-hand side menu.

1. Click on **+Add** to add the provider to the SAPMonitor.

1. On the **Add by Configuration** blade, select **SAP HANA** under **Type** to add the SAP HANA provider.

1. Under **Name** field, enter the below name for the provider.

   ```
   SAPHANAProvider
   ```
   
1. For **IP address** field, enter the Public IP Address of the SAP HANA vm.

1. For **SQL Port** field, enter the SQL port number associated with your HANA database.The port number should be in the format of [3] + [instance#] + [13]. For example, 31013.

1. Enter the below value for the **Database Username** field.

1. For **provide the database password by** field, select the option **selecting an existing or creating a new secret inside an Azure KeyVault (more secure)**.

1. Now, select **Select existing secret or create new** which is next to **Secret URI for database password** to select the secret which contains the database password.

1. On the **Select secret from Azure Key Vault** blade, enter the following information:

    1. **Key vault**: Select the **key vault** you created earlier from the dropdown.
    1. **Secret**: Select the **Secret** you created earlier from the dropdown.

1. Click on **Select** to select the secret.

1. After adding all the values, the final screenshot will lokk like this.

1. On the **Azure Monitor for SAP Solutions** blade, click on **Create** to create the SAP HANA provider.












     
