SAP HANA (High-Performance Analytic Appliance) is an In-Memory Database that uses technology based on column-based, row-based, and object-based database technology. It uses In-Memory computing to write, read and store the data in RAM, rather than processing on normal disk drives. It can be deployed on-premise and cloud.

**SAP on Azure** solutions help you optimize your enterprise resource planning (ERP) in the cloud using the security features, reliability, and scalable SAP-certified infrastructure of Azure. Microsoft and SAP work in partnership to provide a clear roadmap for organizations that want to innovate in the cloud. Azure supports SAP applications on Linux and Windows across development, test, and production environments. Azure is SAP-certified to run your mission-critical SAP applications. Azure is the industry's most performant and scalable SAP cloud infrastructure, offering 192-gigabyte to 12-terabyte SAP HANA–certified virtual machines in more regions than any other public cloud provider. 


Azure allows customers to run SAP deployments of all sizes including SAP NetWeaver and all supported Database Management Systems, SAP S/4HANA, BW/4HANA, BI, and HANA in scale-up and scale-out scenarios.
An SAP on Azure Advanced Specialization assures potential customers that a partner meets the highest standards for service delivery and support, and increases partner visibility through prioritized ranking in searches and referrals via solution provider.


**SAP HANA on Azure** offers:

- On-demand M-series virtual machines certified for SAP HANA with scale up to 4 TB.
- Up to 12 TB memory with Mv2 VMs, the largest certified SAP HANA VMs in the public cloud.
- Purpose-built SAP HANA instances that scale up to 20 TB on a single node also supporting persistent memory.
- Ability to scale out SAP HANA capabilities up to 60 TB with TDIv4, and up to 120 TB with TDIv5 authorization.
- A 99.99 percent service-level agreement for large instances in a high-availability pair and a 99.9 percent SLA for a single SAP HANA large instance.


SAP HANA databases are mission-critical workloads that require a low recovery point objective (RPO) and a fast recovery time objective (RTO). Using **Azure Backup** solution to backup and restore SAP HANA databases, have the following advantages:

- **15-minute Recovery Point Objective (RPO)**: Recovery of critical data of up to 15 minutes is possible.
- **One-click, point-in-time restores**: Restore of production data can be done on alternate HANA servers. The chaining of backups and catalogs to perform restores is all managed by Azure behind the scenes.
- **Long-term retention**: For rigorous compliance and audit needs. Backups can be retained for years, based on the retention duration, beyond which the recovery points will be pruned automatically by the built-in lifecycle management capability.
- **Backup Management from Azure**: Use Azure Backup’s management and monitoring capabilities for improved management experience. Azure CLI is also supported.


SAP S/4HANA is a complete enterprise resource planning (ERP) system with built-in intelligent technologies, including AI, machine learning, and advanced analytics. It helps companies adopt new business models, manage business change at speed, orchestrate internal and external resources, and use the predictive power of AI. Benefit from tight, native integration between processes, industry depth, and a consistent in-memory data model. 

SAP S/4HANA on Azure offers:

- Seamless connectivity for end-users who need to access SAP Fiori-based applications when using Azure ExpressRoute.
- A 99.99 percent SLA for your critical ERP instances by running all product instances of SAP S/4HANA in a high-availability pair by running in two Azure Availability Zones.
- Backup for SAP S/4HANA in seconds, with a low recovery-time objective even for multi-terabyte databases.
- Certification that SAP S/4HANA runs on SUSE Linux Enterprise and Red Hat Enterprise Linux servers. SAP HANA on Azure Virtual Machines and SAP HANA on Azure large-instance machines are certified to run SAP S/4HANA.

The pre-deployed SAP S/4HANA solution includes the following Azure resources:

1. A **SUSE Linux Virtual Machine** that has SAP HANA multi-tenant database installed in it.
2. A **Windows Virtual Machine** that contains the pre-installed SAP HANA Studio, that act as a front end for accessing the SAP HANA database.

> You can find references about deploying the **SAP S/4 HANA** solution on Azure from here: `https://docs.microsoft.com/en-in/azure/virtual-machines/workloads/sap/cal-s4h`


