# Review the existing Logic app

1. Navigate back to the aiw-sap-iothub-<inject key="DeploymentID" />** resource group and select the logic app named sap-teams-demo-<inject key="DeploymentID" />**.

1. Select **Logic app designer** from the left-hand side menu and review all the triggers and actions in the flow.

1. Now, expand the **Teams** Connection and notice that it shows an invalid connection. 

   > Info: This is because the session to the Teams connection is expired, you will have to re-establish the session to the connection.

1. To establish the connection, navigate back to the aiw-sap-iothub- resource group and select the API Connection named **teams**.

1. Select **Edit API connection** from the left-hand side menu to edit the connection.

1. On the **Edit API connection** blade, click on **Authorize** to renew the authorization and establish the session.

1. You will be prompted to enter the credentials, use the below credentials to complete the Sign-in process.

   * Email/Username: <inject key="AzureAdUserEmail"></inject>
   * Password: <inject key="AzureAdUserPassword"></inject>

1. Once authorization is complete, click on **Save** to save the changes.

1. Navigate back to the sap-teams-demo-<inject key="DeploymentID" />** logic app, select **Logic app designer** from the left-hand side menu, and review the **Post a message V(3) (Preview)** action.

1. Now,  expand the **Outlook** Connection and notice that it shows an invalid connection. 
   
   > Info: This is due to the session to Office365 Connection is expired, you will have to re-establish the session to the connection.

1. To establish the connection, navigate back to the aiw-sap-iothub- resource group and select the API Connection named **Office365**.

1. Repeat steps 5-8 to renew the authorization and establish the session.

1. Navigate back to the sap-teams-demo-<inject key="DeploymentID" />** logic app, select **Logic app designer** from the left-hand side menu, and review the **Send an email (V2)** action.

1. Next, expand the **HTTP** action and notice that Username and Password values are to be replaced with your credentials to connect to the SAP system.

1. Replace the **YOURUSERNAME** and **YOURPWD** with the following values.

     1. **Username**: Enter the username of the Es5 demo account which you noted earlier.
     2. **Password** : <inject key="AzureAdUserPassword"></inject>  

1. Select Save on the menu at the top of the Logic Apps Designer to save your changes.

1. After configuring the required actions, your flow will look like the below screenshot.
